refactor: rework introduction and related sections (#113)
eclipse-dataspace-protocol-base/DataspaceProtocol: specifications/catalog/catalog.protocol.md

| **Example**    | [Dataset Example](message/example/dataset.json)                               |
| **Properties**      | <p data-include="message/table/dataset.html" data-include-format="html"></p> |

* A [=Dataset=] _MUST_ have at least one `hasPolicy` attribute that contain an [=Offer=] defining the [=Policy=] associated with the [=Dataset=].

> * A [=Dataset=] _MUST_ have at least one `Distributions` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A [=Dataset=] _MUST_ hold at least one `Distribution` object in the `distribution` attribute.
```
